have you not seen my new phone yet it
literally folds in half it's actually
pretty cool look it's great for group
shots stands up by itself
[Music]
i would never switch to samsung i love
my phone
what
[Music]
love my phone
i've always loved my phone
i would never switch have you not seen
my new phone yet
it literally folds around
[Music]
wait i've seen this before
excuse me
it stands up by itself stands out by
itself it's great for group shots
it's actually it's actually pretty cool
but i would
never i would never even think about
switching
i love buying the same phone over and
over again
you see i love my phone i would never
switch
[Music]
you